hi guys my common with GSA longboards
this is an unboxing video top the land
yachts which that I pretty happy so I'm
hot come skate longboard i also got
downhill venom bushings i'll be opening
this later first surprise here we go and
you ordered up hopkin hopkins gate how
much are the bat was 420 took about two
days to come basin see me which is good
um yeah I'm happy as HP once a few
people with insane or the switch is bad
but I don't care let's get my name
welcoming still my previous board even
right there guys I'll complete as well
what Barry's interrupt such long we've
got the bay grizzly trial
the mini logo bearings you know the
bearings and Oh beautiful what what
wheels we've got the around saying
Aegean 83 A's right there fella you got
home and your big boy come and get out
the graphics yes graph you need
Grizzlies or any tangs put the mini
logos stimulus no cheering yep you got
the nollie grip tape the naughty graph
and they're awesome they're diseased
there's the board to give them a try too
bad it's raining so switch you that is a
beautiful water up to rest for my venom
pushing a 187 killer pads call me thick
as and your mama
it's beautiful all right just on another
note I just got my own gravity 41 inches
color with some gravity Will's a through
a and Paris 18 is black yeah my sweet
shoes at checking out and spin GSC
longboards comment with an unboxing
video millennial switch and pierce my
video chat room shoutout to GSC and arm
will comment more videos with ice
skating